Alloy Plating CBMs Rebalance (#45755)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: doc/JSON_INFO.md

| learned_proficiencies       | (_optional_) Array of proficiency ids you gain when installing this CBM, and lose when unintalling
| installation_requirement    | (_optional_) Requirment id pointing to a requirment defining the tools and componentsnt necessary to install this CBM.
| vitamin_absorb_mod          | (_optional_) Modifier to vitamin absorbtion, affects all vitamins. (default: `1.0`)

> | block_unins                 | (_optional_) Whether the bionic can be uninstalled or not. (default: `false`)
> | block_unins_msg             | (_optional_) The text shown when trying to uninstall a bionic which cannot be uninstalled. Should be with a possessive pronouns & a nominative one, both replaced with '%s'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| cant_uninstal                 | (_optional_) Whether the bionic can be uninstalled or not. (default: `false`)
| cant_uninstal_msg             | (_optional_) The text shown when trying to uninstall a bionic which cannot be uninstalled. Should be with a possessive pronouns & a nominative one, both replaced with '%s'.
```
Although I think using a flag instead of a bool for `block_unins` would be better

| learned_proficiencies       | (_optional_) Array of proficiency ids you gain when installing this CBM, and lose when unintalling
| installation_requirement    | (_optional_) Requirment id pointing to a requirment defining the tools and componentsnt necessary to install this CBM.
| vitamin_absorb_mod          | (_optional_) Modifier to vitamin absorbtion, affects all vitamins. (default: `1.0`)

> | cant_uninstal_msg           | (_optional_) The text shown when trying to uninstall a bionic which cannot be uninstalled. Should be with a possessive pronouns & a nominative one, both replaced with '%s'.

Reviewer 2: Maybe they should be switched to `%1$s` and `%2$s` for tweaking where they appear?
```suggestion
| cant_uninstall_msg           | (_optional_) The text shown when trying to uninstall a bionic which cannot be uninstalled. The first %s in the string will be replaced with a possessive pronouns & the second a nominative one.
```
